We reached the end of course. Fantastic work.
We covered a lot of complex but important materials in this lesson.
We first did a review of objects,
how to create, access, and modify them.
Then, we looked at how functions work at runtime.
We looked at scopes, closures,
and Immediately-Invoked Function Expressions.
Then, we combined all of these together to build our own classes.
We learned about constructor functions,
used the "this" keyword,
and made use of prototypal inheritance to create and extend objects.
Your new skills on
object-oriented programming opens up a whole new set of career opportunities.
So, congratulations. We'll see you next time.